hello today i want to show more
you are a sonic earphone alone
the model hangs thousands which sounds like
more expensive r01 in my opinion
Headphones are sold in such a package
there are different nozzles of different
size types there
Velor case clothespin which is here
very well and actually
headphones
headphone housing is also the most
miniature like the older model
only painted in such a crimson color
that not everyone will like to
Unlike the older model there are no removable
filters and how did this
the plastic part is somewhat already
similar but the same ones used
drivers ie top model
ship cleaning the same sound when
give away a lower price only me
personally it seemed high frequencies here
a little softer this is mine
prejudices and in comparison with
dynamic headphones
the same firm jer 07
bass addiction version then you have it hanging
clearly smaller base
but its enough and it is a clear textural
much better than non dynamic models
spiderman still kinda in comparison with
data
mimic headphones here are average
frequency seemed a little
lowered something softer
sound
Well, fittings still like fittings
still more detailed hear at the sound
flaws in records on dynamic then not
so noticeably no armature anymore
I like it generally recommend to anyone
do not confuse crimson color of the case
many chinese brand origins
headphone data price is 120 dollars
the sound of this model is like that of a top jer 01
thanks everyone for watching goodbye